io/flutter/plugins/pathprovider/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
com/baseflow/permissionhandler/R.java
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$attr
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$color
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$dimen
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$drawable
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$id
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$integer
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$layout
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$string
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$style
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
org/measure/mrdqa_tool/BuildConfig.java
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.BuildConfig
io/github/ponnamkarthik/toast/fluttertoast/R.java
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$attr
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$color
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$dimen
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$drawable
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$id
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$integer
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$layout
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$string
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$style
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$styleable
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/sidlatau/flutteremailsender/R.java
 com.sidlatau.flutteremailsender.R
 com.sidlatau.flutteremailsender.R$anim
 com.sidlatau.flutteremailsender.R$attr
 com.sidlatau.flutteremailsender.R$bool
 com.sidlatau.flutteremailsender.R$color
 com.sidlatau.flutteremailsender.R$dimen
 com.sidlatau.flutteremailsender.R$drawable
 com.sidlatau.flutteremailsender.R$id
 com.sidlatau.flutteremailsender.R$integer
 com.sidlatau.flutteremailsender.R$interpolator
 com.sidlatau.flutteremailsender.R$layout
 com.sidlatau.flutteremailsender.R$string
 com.sidlatau.flutteremailsender.R$style
 com.sidlatau.flutteremailsender.R$styleable
 com.sidlatau.flutteremailsender.R$xml
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
androidx/tracing/R.java
 androidx.tracing.R
org/measure/mrdqa_tool/R.java
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.R
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.R$anim
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.R$attr
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.R$bool
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.R$color
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.R$dimen
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.R$drawable
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.R$id
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.R$integer
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.R$interpolator
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.R$layout
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.R$mipmap
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.R$string
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.R$style
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.R$styleable
 org.measure.mrdqa_tool.R$xml
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
com/tekartik/sqflite/R.java
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$attr
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$color
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$dimen
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$drawable
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$id
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$integer
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$layout
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$string
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$style
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
